Miguel

medium

# _beneficiary parameter value is not checked

## Summary
_beneficiary address is not checked when `executeSwapDirect` method is executed. This address must be validated to be not equals to address(0).

## Vulnerability Detail
If _beneficiary address is equals to address(0) then it could cause to burn/loose funds due to mistake in `executeSwapDirect` method.
Despite `executeSwapDirect` routine is called from `executeSwap` it is open to be called from outside (is declared  public). So it should be checked anyway.

## Impact
Fees could not be sent to _beneficiary in case it is address(0)

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-mover/blob/main/cardtopup_contract/contracts/ExchangeProxy.sol#L195-L204

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
The recommendation is:

- Validate _beneficiary address doing something like that:
- Validate if there is some value to send. It is because if you do not have something to send, it is not necessary to perform next validation.
- Add require sentence before sending amounts to _beneficiary to validate it is different than address(0).

Take a look the following POC code:

`
if (amountReceived > 0)

        {
            require(_beneficiary != address(0), "_beneficiary is zero address");
            if (_tokenTo != ETH_TOKEN_ADDRESS) {
                //send received tokens to beneficiary directly
                IERC20(_tokenTo).safeTransfer(_beneficiary, amountReceived);
            } else {
                //send received eth to beneficiary directly
                payable(_beneficiary).sendValue(amountReceived);
                // payable(_beneficiary).transfer(amountReceived);
                // should work for external wallets (currently is the case)
                // but wont work for some other smart contracts due to gas stipend limit
            }
        }
` 
 