cryptphi

high

# Users can use less priced token to buy higher priced cardTopupToken for same amount.

## Summary
Due to missing price oracle, it is possible for users to to exchange tokens with lesser price than cardTopupToken for the cardTopupToken and receive more value.

## Vulnerability Detail
The ExchangeProxy does not implement any token price oracle, so users are able to pay with tokens with lesser price than the cardTopupToken. A user could input SHIBA INU token in the call to HardenedTopupProxy.CardTopupPermit() and receive topup token, which is USDC for example. In this case, the pricing is different and so the value the user receives as output is way higher than value received as input.

## Impact
It is possible for a user to use 1000 SHIBA INU to exchange for about 1000 USDC (if USDC == cardTopupToken)

## Code Snippet
1. Alice makes a call to CardTopupPermit with SHIBA INU token address as token input and token amount to transfer,
2. This makes a call to _processTopup, which in turn makes a call ExchangeProxy.executeSwapDirect().
3. The call in https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-mover/blob/main/cardtopup_contract/contracts/HardenedTopupProxy.sol#L335-L343 makes an external call to
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-10-mover/blob/main/cardtopup_contract/contracts/ExchangeProxy.sol#L160-L209
4. After passing through the necessary checks, if the cardTopupToken is in USDC, Alice would receive close to the amount minus fees in USDC.
5. The disaparate prices for each tokens would lead to a loss for the contract.

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Implement a token price oracle or contract to cover token price rates.
